people john here from fast films and
today we're going through a 2021
psychological thriller movie called
homunculus
at the beginning of the movie we see
that a man is undergoing a medical
surgery of drilling a hole in his
forehead
then we are introduced to a man called
susumu nokoshi sleeping in his car on
the road he wakes up and visits a group
of homeless people in a park who are
having breakfast outside their tents
he asks them about his friend ken they
tell him that they didn't not see his
friend for a while then they went to
check on him in his tent and found him
dead
one of them tells susumu nokoshi that
ken taught him a lot of things when he
first arrived there susumu nokoshi gives
them the drink he bought and leaves the
group of people says that there is
something fishy about him because he
doesn't seem to be sad about his
friend's demise
in the next scene suzumu nokoshi is
having lunch at a hotel
he looks out of the window at his car
that is parked on the road
then he buys a drink and leaves the
hotel at night when he gets into his car
a guy knocks at his car's window
the guy asks him to let him in as it is
very cold outside
tsumu nokoshi tells him that he doesn't
give a ride to strangers
the guy looks into his car and asks him
if he is a homeless man
he offers him a job for hundred thousand
yen but susumu nokoshi shows him his
wallet and tells him that he already has
money
then the guy sticks a poster on the
windscreen of his car
suzumu nokushi tells him to leave but
the guy tells him that the poster is
about trepination and it is a simple
human research experiment he tells
susumu that he will drill a tiny hole in
his skull
he tells him that he knows it is scary
but it is not a big deal
suzumu nokoshi asks him to leave but the
guy keeps on insisting to him about the
offer he tells him that it is just a
little hole and that his brain will not
be harmed he tells him that as it is
believed that humans use only 10 of
their brains during their lifetime this
trepination could unleash the rest of 90
cerebral capacity of human beings
susumu nokushi asks him to drill a hole
in his own skull and tells him to find
someone else for this as there are a lot
of people out there who need money
the guy insists that he should take the
chance because he is homeless and has
nothing to lose but he can still afford
to go to luxurious hotels
susumu nokoshi tells him that he is not
really homeless he just likes to take a
break from work to know how it feels
like to be homeless he tells him that he
wants to discover himself the guy tells
him that he knows that he is desperately
trying to find something he tells susumu
nokushi that he can no longer get sad or
happy about anything when the guy takes
his name susumu asks him how he knows
his name but the guy leaves
in the next scene nokoshi's car has been
stolen and it is revealed that it was
done by the same guy he met last night
the guy somehow persuades him for
trepination and takes him with himself
he tells nokoshi that trepination is a
surgical procedure that has been done
since the neolithic period and shows him
pictures of people who drill a hole in
their own skull
then he tells him that his name is ido
ido he is a medical intern and his
father runs a hospital susumu nokoshi
tells him that he is on his own in
chikunju ito tells him that this is the
reason why he has chosen him for this
surgical procedure before the surgery he
tells him that when a human is born he
has a gap in his skull
that gap fills after a year and a half
but the skull starts pushing on the
brain he tells him that if they drill a
hole in the skull it improves blood
circulation and activates the brain just
like how it was at birth ito tells him
that this experiment can bring out the
abilities that have never been used
before
then susumu nokoshi undergoes the
surgery and ends up waking up in his car
he finds a note left by ido and meets
him at dinner ido tells him that the
experiment will last for seven days and
he will give him three hundred thousand
yen in advance
but nokoshi gives the money back to him
ito then plays a game with suzumu
nokushi and asks him to find the card
with the star symbol only by using the
senses of his left side
susumu nokoshi then finds the card and
they leave
as he's walking a gust of wind blows
into his right eye and he covers it
rubbing away the dust when he looks up
with only his left eye he's shocked to
see the people transform around him into
different shapes sizes and creatures
he frantically wanders around the street
with one eye covered terrified at the
horror he's witnessing
suddenly he bumps into a large robot
homunculus that turns out to be a yakuza
boss
the henchman pin him to a wall as the
boss brandishes his knife
just as the boss threatens to cut off
his pinky nokushi has a vision
he pleads with the boss to stop what
he's doing before he cuts his own finger
the boss stops and starts trembling and
crying the henchmen get confused and let
nokoshi go and they scutter away
nokoshi goes immediately to ido and
tells him about what happened in the
human monster hybrids that he saw
ido is excited and concludes this sixth
sense as a side effect of the
trepination he asks nokoshi if he can
see him as a monster but he only says
that he sees nothing because ido is
invisible on the third day nokoshi
manages to get his car back and meets up
again with ido
ido calls the monsters homunculus and
concludes that the homunculus is how
people see themselves it's a horrific
version of them created by deep stress
and trauma they decide to conduct more
research and go to a brothel where
according to ido a lot of people have
deep issues in trauma nokoshi sees only
one homunculus a girl with a number tag
1775 and calls her a sand monster they
follow her to a cafe and ito quickly
feels a strong attraction towards her
and decides to approach her nokoshi
watches the encounter with one eye and
sees the sand being sucked by ido's
invisible body
the girl leaves and nokoshi confronts a
dejected edo
he sees that ido has red dots all over
his body and he quickly leaves but not
before handing nokoshi a cell phone that
he managed to swipe from the girl
nokoshi spends the night in his car
going through the girl's phone
he learns about her strict parents and
the alternate social media account that
she keeps where she posts about her
sexual fantasies and pictures of
self-harm
suddenly some men appear around his car
the henchmen take him to their boss who
asks nokoshi about what he did to him
the boss doesn't like to feel vulnerable
so he drags nokoshi up by the collar
threatening him with a knife nokoshi
then has a vision of his trauma it turns
out that the boss accidentally cut off
his friend's pinky finger with a sickle
while they were arguing over a toy he
ran away and didn't apologize to his
friend and this memory haunted him for
the rest of his life
the boss breaks down as he recalls the
memory and his robot homunculus starts
breaking apart revealing a fragile
little boy inside the robot returns to
its miniature size and the boss as his
child self bows down to the floor crying
and apologizing to his friend
he thanks nokoshi quits the yakuza and
breaks off his own pinky later that
night the phone starts ringing he meets
up with the girl in his car she asks for
her phone and begins taunting him he
looks at her with one eye and sees the
sand monster but as he looks closely it
isn't sand at all but rather millions of
text symbols
he soon learns that the girl is
traumatized by her strict parents and
uses sex to rebel taunting virgins like
ito into giving in
but nokoshi is no virgin and he pins the
sand monster on the seat of the car and
penetrates her
the sand-like material starts
disappearing revealing the cuts that the
girl made on her body
nokoshi tries to suck the blood out but
she stops him sucking back the blood
from his mouth frantically
the sand completely disappears and the
girl returns to her normal non-monster
state
the next morning nokoshi is shocked to
see that he has absorbed the other's
traumas his hand has now turned robotic
and his leg is composed of sand
he runs to the hospital to medito and is
asked to wait in line he then sees a
faceless woman he falls back shocked at
her face but at the same time he can't
help but feel like he's seen her before
ito arrives and takes him to his
examination room he tells nokoshi about
a woman who absorbed the homunculi too
and then killed herself
nokoshi doesn't want to die seeing these
monsters so he threatens ido to close
the hole in his forehead ito agrees on
one condition that he tells him what his
homunculus is
nokoshi leaves and the memory of the
woman lingers in his mind
he rummages through his car and finds a
business card signed by one named nanako
the memory comes rushing back to him and
he remembers her from an encounter at a
bar
he remembers loving her moving in
together and just being with her with
his newfound memory nokoshi traces
nanako back to the hospital he
approaches her and it turns out that she
has amnesia too and doesn't remember him
to help her remember he takes her to
their old apartment together they
reminisce through their old stuff as
nokoshi fills in the empty spaces in her
memory nanako breaks down for a moment
but nokoshi reassures her with a kiss
later that night the two make love
signaling their reunion unbeknownst to
nokoshi ito has been calling him all day
on the sixth day as he hugs her he
notices the same wound on her forehead
revealing that she had also undergone
the trepanation experiment by ito
he drives back to ido's room but finds
him gone he ransacks his office looking
for clues and notices a framed family
picture
his phone rings and its ido nokoshi
confronts him and learns that ido knew
about him in nanako all along ito also
tells him that all the homunculus he's
been seeing were illusions of his own
world
before their call ends ito tells nokoshi
that the real nanako will remember the
real world soon and that sometimes some
memories are better left unremembered
determined to save the love of his life
nokoshi searches for the drill in ido's
office
meanwhile ito arrives at their apartment
but this time a different woman wearing
nanako's clothes opens the door
he smiles at her and calls her by her
real name chichiro
back at the office nokoshi drills the
hole back into his forehead
as he looks at himself in the mirror his
ability has returned and once again he
sees his robotic arm and sandy leg
nokoshi returns to their apartment and
is shocked to see an unknown woman
wearing nanako's clothes
as he looks closely at her with one eye
the woman's face alternates between the
stranger and the woman he loves
he begs her to tell her who she is and
she admits to killing the real nanako as
he touches her he's sucked into another
vision chichiro is driving with her
boyfriend at night and after an argument
she tries to get out of the car
he stops her and in turn doesn't see
nanako running into the road
chichiro was thrown out of the car as
her boyfriend hits nanako and nokoshi
chichiro watches in horror as her
boyfriend dies instantly and sees the
dead body of nanako
in turn nokoshi remembers his own
memories of that night they had an
argument and he soon learns that she had
a miscarriage she runs outside and he
pursues her but it's too late
they run straight into chichiro in her
boyfriend's car chichiro apologizes and
tells him her real name before she
collapses after tucking her in bed
nokoshi faces ido in the living room
giving him patronizing remarks
at this point nokoshi feels defeated now
with nanako dead he literally has
nothing to live for
as ito continues to taunt him nokoshi
finally reveals that his homunculus is
water at first it seems like it's
invisible but when gets nervous bubbles
rise up from inside him
ito is shocked and faces him denying his
accusations as nokoshi looks at him
ito's water figure resembles his father
and a goldfish appears he grabs ido by
the arm and sees the visions of his real
trauma as a kid ito's father kept a pet
goldfish and paid more attention to it
than his own son
ito is starved with love and even colors
his skin to resemble scales
one day fed up with his father's
negligence ido deliberately breaks the
fishbowl leaving the fish to die
meanwhile the grown-up edo trembles and
falls to his knees begging nokoshi to
help him since he's the only one who can
actually see the real him and that he
can finally prove to his father that
he's worth paying attention to
nokoshi tells him that it's no use the
homunculus is gone and that they should
just look at the other person and create
their own world
ito breaks down crying and despite
everything he's done nokoshi hugs him
and comforts him understanding the pain
of not being seen
on the seventh day ito drills a hole
into his own forehead and stitches his
other eye shut as he looks at the
sunrise
nokoshi gets together with chichiro and
even though he sometimes still sees
nanako the homunculus is now gone
thanks for watching guys